This is Anna.
She just graduated from college in the
United States.
And this is Sofia.
She also just graduated from college in Finland.
Anna and Sofia both want to be middle
school teachers, but it turns out,
there's a good chance their experiences
will be very different.
So different, that Anna is twice as
likely as Sofia to leave teaching for good.
That's causing a problem.
The supply of new certified teachers in
the United States is shrinking, but the
number of public school students keeps growing.
Massive teacher shortages.
Warnings about teacher turnover.
Educators call Colorado's teacher
shortage a crisis.
So what makes Sofia stay and Anna leave?
And how can the United States keep more
of its teachers in the classroom?
In the US, teachers work about 9 1â„4
hours a day.